https://1phi.com/
About the job Want to make a tangible difference in the future of healthcare? Love applying the latest technologies to solve tough problems? Looking for a fulfilling career with plenty of learning and growth?
About 1Phi 
1Phi is a new startup building a first of its kind AI-powered healthcare navigator, called 1Sage, that lets patients find the treatment options with the best clinical outcomes for their unique situation. It continuously monitors and trains on billions of medical records across over 100 million patients nationwide and over 1 million doctors and medical facilities. Patients simply chat with 1Sage, indicating their circumstances and needs. The more information they provide, the better the insights.
1Phi stands for 1st Principles Healthcare Institute, a name that reflects our commitment to R&D and taking an unorthodox approach to solving intractable and persistent industry challenges. As a Public Benefit Corporation, we’re grounded in decades of experience with payer financial models, government policy, provider incentives, and patient empowerment. By deploying artificial intelligence across data assets previously available only to industry insiders, 1Phi is uniquely positioned to bring patients the knowledge to make decisions in their own best interest.
You would be joining an early stage startup team of engineers, healthcare experts and dreamers. You’ll help define the culture, the tech stack, and the future of our industry. Tight-knit team. Zero bureaucracy. Project ownership. Room to experiment. Accelerated growth.
Requirements 
What You’ll Do
Build complex data pipelines, transformations and statistical processing using Python, SQL, Databricks, and a suite of cloud services from AWS and GCP. Ingest, transform, clean and augment internal and external data assets. Automate data pipelines to process patient-level and aggregated public health data.Define predictive models and machine learning applications that run on medical claims data to enable patient-facing applications. Perform exploratory analytics and develop specifications that enable patients to learn which treatment options and providers might be the most relevant to their specific situation. Leverage medical claims data for patient cohort design, risk adjustment, treatment pathway definition, survival analysis, and outcomes modeling.Continuously learn by investigating new technologies and building quick proof of concepts.
You’re a Fit If
If you’re a recent grad: BS or MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science or other STEM field from a competitive university program. At least one successful live project you can demonstrate or 3 prior substantial projects outside of a classroom setting, such as from an internship, personal interest, or business venture.If you’re an experienced candidate: Relevant work with at least 2 years with a single employer and at least one major successful implementation you can discuss.Proficiency with Python and its data science ecosystem, statistics concepts, ML techniques, EDA (exploratory data analysis). Ability to perform logistic regression, propensity scoring, random forests, gradient boosting, and clustering.Solid understanding of data pipelines, processing parallelization, and ETL concepts. (Examples may include DBT, Fivetran, and Apache AirFlow). Experience with hands on SQL, writing complex data transformation queries and optimizing for performance on large scale data (Knowledge of Databricks or other Spark environments is preferred).Experience with cloud services providers (AWS, GCP or Azure) and specific services (such as AWS S3, RDS, Redshift, EMR, and Lambda)Desire to become an expert in healthcare and passionate about making an impact in this field
Salary: $55k-$130k depending on experienceLocation: Remote
Hiring Process 
At 1Phi, we believe hiring should be fair, transparent, and collaborative. We work hard to find the best mix of respecting the candidates time, while also giving our team an efficient way to learn if a candidate is a good fit. Since we also strive to simulate the work environment throughout the process, we encourage you to use all the AI/LLM tools and outside resources at your disposal. During the process, if you ever feel that you are being asked for an onerous amount of work, please do not proceed. The best candidates are those who enjoy the process, regardless of the outcome.
Here’s the entire process: Apply with email → Project demo call (15 mins) → Skills challenge (1-3 hrs) → Interviews (2 hours) → Meet the Team Day and micro-project (1 day) → Offer → Trial period (1-3 weeks)
Benefits 
Health insurance within 3 months of startingGenerous vacation policy + company holidays401K + profit share contributionsQuarterly evals and performance bonus (~10% at start, ~20% after 4 years)
How to Apply — We only consider applicants who email us. — Send us your resume and any relevant links (LinkedIn, GitHub, portfolio site, etc.) to careers+linkedin@1phi.com with the subject “Experienced Data Scientist” or “Recent Grad Data Scientist” whichever is applicable. 
(Visa considerations: We no longer accept OPT candidates, but can sponsor existing H1B holders.)